sprint1/product_backlog.md, before:

# Product Backlog

| ID | User Story | Priority | Status |
|----|------------|----------|--------|
| 000 | As a user, I want to see a list of the most popular restaurants on the home page, so I can make a quick decision. | LOW | DONE |
| 001 | As a user, I want to a search box, to find restaurants and food items quicker. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 002 | As a user, I want to be able to add a location into the search box, so I can find restaurants around this specific location. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 003 | As a user, I want the location box to be filled out with mine by default, so I can save time not having to fill it out manually. | LOW | WORKING |
| 004 | As a user, I want an easy to find log in button, so I can log in easily when I open the website. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 005 | As a user, I want an easy to find register button, so I can register easily when I open the website. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 006 | As a restaurant owner, I want a list of the most popular restaurants, so I can see what the top of the competition looks like. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 007 | As a user, I want buttons to choose what position I am before I login, so I can differentiate between a restaurant owner or consumer | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 008 | As a restaurant owner, I want to link my email, so I can get updates about my restaurant when offline. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 009 | As a restaurant owner, I want to fill in details about my restaurant, so I can attach it to my account. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 010 | As a consumer, I want to link my social media accounts, so I can log in with an existent account. | LOW | WORKING |
| 011 | As a consumer, I want to create my own profile, so I can have a name for myself when leaving feedback and interact with the website more personally. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 012 | As a consumer, I want a search bar, so I can find a specific dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 013 | As a consumer, I want to see categories, so I can identify faster the food I want. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 014 | As a consumer, I want to be able to see the highest rated dishes, so I can make my decision.  | LOW | WORKING |
| 015 | As a consumer, I want to see categories, so I can identify faster the type of food I want.  | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 016 | As a consumer, I want to see the overall rating of the dish, so I can get an idea of how popular it is. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 017 | As a consumer, I want to see a picture next to the dish, so I can recognize it better. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 018 | As a restaurant owner, I want a dish add button, to add any dishes from my restaurant. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 019 | As a restaurant owner, I want a dish delete button, so I can remove dishes that my restaurant is not going to provide anymore. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 020 | As a restaurant owner, I want a dish modify button, so I can change any detail of the dishes at any moment. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 021 | As a restaurant owner, I want an image upload button, so I can add pictures of the dishes from the restaurant. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 022 | As a restaurant owner, I want to see the (3 or more) best and least rated dishes, so I can a get good idea of what consumers enjoy and what my restaurant can improve on. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 023 | As a consumer, I want to see to feedback, so I can see what other people think about the same dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 024 | As a consumer, I want to see pictures of the dish by the community, so I can see how the food looks realistically. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 025 | As a consumer, I want a comment box, so I can leave my own feedback to give other people my thoughts on the dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 026 | As a consumer, I want a star rating, so I can leave a brief and quick rating of the dish. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 027 | As a consumer, I want an image upload button, so I can upload my own perspective of the food. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 028 | As a consumer, I want nutritional facts, so I can make a healthy decision of my food choice. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 029 | As consumer, I want to see a brief description of each dish, so I can get a more detailed idea of the dish. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 030 | As a restaurant owner, I want a modify button for the description, so I change the details of each dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 031 | As a restaurant owner, I want an upload image button, so I can add new pictures of my dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 032 | As a restaurant owner, I want a remove picture button, so I can remove any previous picture of the dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 033 | As a restaurant owner, I want a menu of the food items of my restaurants so that users can get a much better idea of what they want to consume. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 034 | As a user, I want to see the logo of the company, so the design of the site is more pleasing to look at. | LOW | WORKING |
| 035 | As a user, I want a list of all restaurants listed, so I can see the variety of options for restaurants available. | HIGH | WORKING |

Commit message:

Made user stories more abstract

sprint1/product_backlog.md, after:

# Product Backlog

| ID | User Story | Priority | Status |
|----|------------|----------|--------|
| 000 | As a user, I want to see a list of the most popular restaurants on the home page, so I can make a quick decision. | LOW | DONE |
| 001 | As a user, I want to be able to search for restaurants and food items. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 002 | As a user, I want to be able to add a location into the search box, so I can find restaurants around this specific location. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 003 | As a user, I want the website to know my general location, so I can save time not having to fill out my location manually. | LOW | WORKING |
| 004 | As a user, I want to easily find where to login upon entering the website. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 005 | As a user, I want to easily find where to register upon entering the website. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 006 | As a restaurant owner, I want a list of the most popular restaurants, so I can see what the top of the competition looks like. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 007 | As a user, I want buttons to choose what position I am before I login, so I can differentiate between a restaurant owner or consumer | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 008 | As a restaurant owner, I want to link my email, so I can get updates about my restaurant when offline. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 009 | As a restaurant owner, I want to fill in details about my restaurant, so I can attach it to my account. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 010 | As a consumer, I want to link my social media accounts, so I can log in with an existent account. | LOW | WORKING |
| 011 | As a consumer, I want to create my own profile, so I can have a name for myself when leaving feedback and interact with the website more personally. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 012 | As a consumer, I want to be able to search for specific dishes. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 013 | As a consumer, I want to see categories, so I can identify faster the food I want. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 014 | As a consumer, I want to be able to see the highest rated dishes, so I can make my decision on what's good to eat.  | LOW | WORKING |
| 015 | As a consumer, I want to see categories of food on restaurant pages, so I can identify faster the type of food I want.  | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 016 | As a consumer, I want to see the overall rating of the dish, so I can get an idea of how popular the dish is. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 017 | As a consumer, I want to see a picture next to the dish, so I can recognize the dish better. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 018 | As a restaurant owner, I want a way to add dishes to my restaurant's page. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 019 | As a restaurant owner, I want a way to remove dishes from my restaurant's page. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 020 | As a restaurant owner, I want a way to modify a dish's details. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 021 | As a restaurant owner, I want a way to upload images, so I can add pictures of the dishes from the restaurant. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 022 | As a restaurant owner, I want to see the best and least rated dishes, so I can a get good idea of what consumers enjoy and what my restaurant can improve on. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 023 | As a consumer, I want to see to feedback, so I can see what other people think about the same dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 024 | As a consumer, I want to see pictures of the dish by the community, so I can see how the food looks realistically. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 025 | As a consumer, I want a way to leave comments, so I can leave my own feedback to give other people my thoughts on the dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 026 | As a consumer, I want to leave rating on dishes, so I can leave a brief and quick opinion of the dish. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 027 | As a consumer, I want a way to upload images, so I can show others my own perspective of the food. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 028 | As a consumer, I want nutritional facts, so I can make a healthy decision of my food choice. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 029 | As consumer, I want to see a brief description of each dish, so I can get a more detailed idea of the dish. | MEDIUM | WORKING |
| 030 | As a restaurant owner, I want to be able to change the description of each dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 031 | As a restaurant owner, I want a way to upload images, so I can add new pictures of my dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 032 | As a restaurant owner, I want a way to remove images, so I can remove any previous picture of the dish. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 033 | As a restaurant owner, I want a menu of the food items of my restaurants so that users can get a much better idea of what they want to consume. | HIGH | WORKING |
| 034 | As a user, I want to see the logo of the company, so the design of the site is more pleasing to look at. | LOW | WORKING |
| 035 | As a user, I want a list of all restaurants listed, so I can see the variety of options for restaurants available. | HIGH | WORKING |
